feat(providers): support alwaysdata hosting provider (#1790)
unjs/nitro: docs/content/2.deploy/providers/alwaysdata.md

# alwaysdata

Deploy Nitro apps to alwaysdata.

**Preset:** `alwaysdata` ([switch to this preset](/deploy/#changing-the-deployment-preset))

Nitro supports deploying on the [alwaysdata](https://www.alwaysdata.com/en/) platform with minimal configuration.

## Set up application

### Pre-requisites

1. [Register a new profile](https://www.alwaysdata.com/en/register/) on alwaysdata platform if you don't have one.

2. Get a free 100Mb plan to host your app.

### Local deployment

> 1. Build your project locally with `NITRO_PRESET=alwaysdata yarn build`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Build your project locally with `NITRO_PRESET=alwaysdata npm run build`
```

2. [Upload your app](https://help.alwaysdata.com/en/remote-access/) to your account in its own directory (e.g. `$HOME/www/my-app`).

3. On your admin panel, [create a new site](https://admin.alwaysdata.com/site/add/) for your app with the following features:

>    - *Addresses*: `[account-name].alwaysdata.net`

Reviewer: It seems starting free plan setup, i need to update only account and cannot create new domain like `nitro.alwaysdata.net` it gives "domain does not belongs to you" error.

Should it be "edit exciting domain" ?

Author: Right. It's not limited to the free tier: all plans at alwaysdata come with a default URL in the form of `[account_name].alwaysdata.net`. But you can create as many accounts as you want, and you can also link your own domains (or register new ones). So unless your account name is `nitro`, you can't use it as your URL.
I've added a section in the `Create account` pre-requisites to make it clearer. Does it sound good?

   - *Type*: Node.js

>    - *Command*: `node ./output/server/index.mjs`

Reviewer: There is no instructions how to upload website but it is `.output` by default i expect directories inside it (public/server) being copied to the hosting

Author: Correct, I added a mention in the 2. above to add clarity on how deploying, for example using SSH

   - *Working directory*: `www/my-app` (adapt it to your deployment path)
   - *Environment*:
     ```
     NITRO_PRESET=alwaysdata
     ```

>    - *Node.js version*: pick at least `16.0.0` if needed, but `Default version` is fine.

Reviewer: 18 should be at least picked. Or we can remove it if you default to 18+

> 

Reviewer: Would be nice to also suggest SIGHUP configuration

# alwaysdata

Deploy Nitro apps to alwaysdata.

**Preset:** `alwaysdata` ([switch to this preset](/deploy/#changing-the-deployment-preset))

Nitro supports deploying on the [alwaysdata](https://www.alwaysdata.com/en/) platform with minimal configuration.

## Set up application

### Pre-requisites

1. [Register a new profile](https://www.alwaysdata.com/en/register/) on alwaysdata platform if you don't have one.

2. Get a free 100Mb plan to host your app.

*Note:* Keep in mind your *account name* will be used to provide you a default URL in the form of `account_name.alwaysdata.net`, so choose it wisely. You can also link your existing domains to your account later or register as many accounts under your profile as you need.

### Local deployment

1. Build your project locally with `NITRO_PRESET=alwaysdata npm run build`

> 2. [Upload your app](https://help.alwaysdata.com/en/remote-access/) to your account in its own directory (e.g. `$HOME/www/my-app`). You can use any protocol you prefer (SSH/FTP/WebDAV…); just be careful to transfer the built `.output` directory and its subdirectories. E.g. `scp -r my-app [account_name]@ssh-[account_name].alwaysdata.net:~/www`.

Reviewer: For this in custom preset you made we can use `commands: { deploy: `scp -r ./ [account].alwaysdaa.net:~/www` }` so we show users command in the end.

Author: Oh sweet! Thanks!
